Add catalyst to the documentation (#4030)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: README.md

- *Machine learning on quantum hardware*. Connect to quantum hardware using **PyTorch**, **TensorFlow**, **JAX**, **Keras**, or **NumPy**. Build rich and flexible hybrid quantum-classical models.

- *Just in time compilation*. Experimental support for just-in-time

>   compilation. Compile your entire hybrid workflow, loops. See

Author: oops, no I just missed a word!

>   compilation. Compile your entire hybrid workflow, including loops. See

Author: Good call! 
```suggestion
  compilation. Compile your entire hybrid workflow, with support for 
  advanced features such as adaptive circuits, real-time measurement 
  feedback, and unbounded loops. See
```

>   [Catalyst](https://github.com/pennylaneai/catalyst) for more details.

Author: I think so yes
